Fixed respect to query.WithCommit() flag for tx.Execute in query service (#1365)
ydb-platform/ydb-go-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

> * Fixed respect to `query.WithCommit()` flag for `tx.Execute` in query service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed `query.WithCommit()` flag behaviour for `tx.Execute` in query service
```
